Move SDK OTLP export docs to Using Datadog SDK page (Preview) (#37689)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/opentelemetry/instrument/dd_sdks/_index.md

  tags: ['otel custom instrumentation']
---

> Datadog SDKs work with OpenTelemetry in two independent ways. Exporting telemetry in [OpenTelemetry Protocol (OTLP)][1] format controls how telemetry is sent. The [OpenTelemetry API][2] controls how you instrument your services. You can use either on its own or both together.

Reviewer: Small suggestion to tweak the message

```suggestion
Datadog SDKs work with OpenTelemetry in two independent ways. Exporting telemetry in [OpenTelemetry Protocol (OTLP)][1] format controls how telemetry is sent. The [OpenTelemetry API][2] controls how you instrument your services. These can be enabled separately, but utilizing them together provides an OpenTelemetry-native experience.
```

{{< whatsnext desc=" " >}}
    {{< nextlink href="/opentelemetry/instrument/dd_sdks/otlp_trace_export/" >}}
    <h3>Export data in OTLP format</h3>

>     Export telemetry from a Datadog SDK in OTLP format to DDOT or any OpenTelemetry Collector. In Preview; supports traces only.

Reviewer: > supports traces only

We also support emitting logs and metrics at this time. Are we saying traces is in preview while the logs and metrics are fully supported?

Author: The original private page was only scoped to traces, so that's a good question. I'm going to remove the explicit framing for now. I need to double check if we want to include metrics and logs details in this iteration. 🤔
